fix: auto-translate using stale provider after switching providers (#41971)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/autotranslate-provider-switch.md

---
'@rocket.chat/meteor': patch
---

> Fixed auto-translate continuing to translate messages with the previously selected service provider after switching providers, until the server was restarted

Author: ```suggestion
Fixes auto-translate continuing to translate messages with the previously selected service provider after switching providers, until the server was restarted or the feature was disabled and re-enabled.
```
